raheem mohamed is Full Stack Developer with full system development life cycle experience including designing, development and implementing test plans, test cases and test processes offering over 6+ years of software development field.

and he have rich experience in Research and development, Mobile app development, Web application development, Web site design and building and customization, Wordpress theme development, also I am specialize in Research and Development project.

he's best software development project is inproto. you can refer inproto via visiting http://inproto.net.

inproto is one visual designing and diagram designing platform. designer or developer who looking best free platform for do wireframe, UX design and diagrams designing, then this is best platform for you. you can design anything via drag and drop accessing through our user-friendly platform.

followings are inproto features such as

Drag & Drop building
In-Built UI Kits & Widget
SVG, PNG & PDF export
Cloud Storage
UI Components & Assets
Free Icon library

and also raheem mohamed is founder of inproto and the same he is a solo developer at his inproto company. 

raheem mohamed is one technical expert you can ask any technical question related to Javascript, NodeJS, Angular, MongoDB, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap

Mobile App Development with NativeScript framework, Ionic etc.

following are skill what raheem have and expert in

Angular 15
TypeScript
JavaScript
HTML5, CSS3 & SASS
JQUERY
BOOTSTRAP
PRIMENG
RDBMS and MYSQL
NOSQL and MongoDB
PHP and framworks CodeIgniter, Laravel
Rest API development
Research and Development
NodeJS, Express backend Development
Hybrid and Native mobile app development

and also raheem mohamed is content creator at youtube, through his channel he is sharing his knowledge with his auddience

mostly his channel you can see programming related video contents. if you are really interested you can visit to his youtube channel

this is his youtube channel link https://www.youtube.com/@raheemsview

raheem mohamed highest education is he is graduated in Bsc(hons) in computing - Teesside university, London. and also he is a batch toper in his batch cohort 13. but other than that he have other education qualifications such as

completed BTEC HND in computing and system development, 
Completed Diploma in IT & Software Developmentat.
Certificate in Computer Hardware & Network Engineering

and also he is award winner, following are award raheem won

Most valuable player in developer, this is annual unit award FY2022 provided by his current working company persistent systems pvt ltd india, pune. this award recieved to him for appreciation of my ingenuity and persistence to solve business problem and enhance customer satisfaction.

and also he won another award that is BT Award, that he received for contributing towards engineering efficiency, innovation, on time delivery and team work. (British Telecommunications Plc), award sponserd by Virtusa (PVT) LTD Sri Lanka - Colombo

what their collegues telling about raheem mohamed is

Ms.Nuwini Chamindi is Project Manager at Virtusa pvt ltd. what she telling about raheem is Raheem was crucial to the team, and contributed significantly to the development of the company. He thinks on the cutting edge of hard work, passion and team player. Raheem leads by example and many people at Virtusa Pvt Ltd find his enthusiasm and dedication both inspiring and motivating. He is always capable of adapting to new working environments. He has a very positive attitude towards work. Raheem worked far beyond the call of duty. I enjoyed working with him on the different projects we took on.

Mr.Yasitha De Silva is Project Manager at Virtusa pvt ltd. what he telling about raheem is Raheem is an extremely talented individual who goes beyond his field of expertise when performing his duties. Raheem worked in the brandix team as a UI engineer and worked in close collaboration with the technical team as well as BA team. It was a pleasure working with you on the project and im certain Raheem will do more amazing things in the future.

Mr. Sumudu Jayasinghe is Architect at Virtusa pvt ltd.  what he saying about raheem is I had the pleasure of working with Raheem for a few years at the Big Corp, collaborating on several projects and I was so impressed with his curiosity to learn, experiment and bringing new ideas to the team. As a team member or a leader, Raheem earns my highest recommendation.

Mrs. Diluni Jayasekera is Managing Director at Brand centrical pvt ltd. what she telling about is Raheem ability was unlike I’ve seen before and made an applause-worthy increase in our company’s growth level.
I was impressed by his ability to think and perform on his own. He is an excellent software developer who is passionated and loves what he does. This natural skill of his no doubt help in reaching the top!
I wish him all the very best.

overall raheem is one of the best resource and one of technical expert who do their job for passion.

if you want to get touch him for any project related matter you can contact him through phone +94721983016, +94723527615 or email him mohamedraheem0666@gmail.com

and if you want to know more information about raheem mohamed you can visit to his personal website this is the link https://inproto.net/raheem/